He turned out to be Miss Province of the Provincial and Municipal Group
How is that possible?
I checked my phone
That was him?
It's over. It's over.
We just missed out on millions of dollars.
This
It hit the iron plate.
Thank you, Chairperson
I will definitely work hard in the future
This has my phone number on it.
Let me know when you get it together
You just need to deal with Mr. Xu's affairs
From now on, we will only be with you.
Haha, okay.
Sir, don't worry.
I will definitely do my best.
I'll help you gather enough for 100 cars.
Mr. Xu, let's go. Okay
Shen Tingting actually treated this person with respect
Who the hell is this?
Let's leave now
Offended big shots